# Owner_GTM_case
My approach to this problem was to make loose stg, int, and fct models and then do some exploration queries against the models. There were quite a few data quality problems which for the most part I was able to sift through. There are no doubt some that I missed, and I lacked quite a bit of context on the nuances of some of the available attributes, but I did my best to tackle the problem with what I had. Some of the provided data points (subscription revenue + 5% of sales vs acquisition expense) sound extremely high, but I made assumptions and did my best to leave comments to explain how I arrived at my conclusions. One key asssumption that could sway the numbers I arrived at considerably, was that I didn't know the proper proportion of marketing spend to attribute to inbound vs outbound teams. If the marketing expense is 100% paid search then the outbound team would be performing much closer to the inbound team than what I describe below. 

Here are the two opportunities for the GTM team I discovered:
### Opportunity 1
The first opportunity I saw was that in raw subscription + sales fee terms, the outbound sales team is not "breaking even" on the amount  being spent in a given month. In order for the outbound sales team to earn the same amount of money over the long term as the inbound team, their retention rate would have to be DRAMATICALLY higher (a MRR to CAC ratio of 6.64 vs 2.38) . For relatively the same amount of expense, the inbound team generates significantly more revenue. Additionally, there is some preliminary information to suggest that the closed account size, or the number of customers closed with multiple locations (and assumed to be higher revenue) is proportionately much higher for the inbound team. I would suggest focusing your sales efforts on paid marketing and growing the inbound sales team. 

### Opportunity 2
For the types of customers we should try to capture, it would appear that American resturaunts have the highest lead count, highest closed lead conversion rate, and have the largest average account size. A close second option, especially when adjusting for dollar adjusted account size, appears to be mexican resturaunts. I would reccomend trying to dial marketing dollars up to these resturaunt types, until marketing spend performance starts to flatten. 
